# Dr. Shirley Jean Wright PhD - Born August 19, 1929, Died July 1, 2015 - A student of Dr. Albert Einstein at Princeton, NJ in the Summer of 1947

This repo contains public record evidence showing the academic and educational accomplishments of Dr. Shirley Jean Wright PhD.

- July 1, 2015: [Obituary from the Stanfill Funeral Home](https://www.stanfillfh.com/tributes/Shirley-Wright), 10545 South Dixie Hwy, Miami, FL 33156:<br>
"Welcome to the memorial page for Shirley Jean Wright August 19, 1929 ~ July 1, 2015 (age 85)"<br>
"WRIGHT, Shirley, devoted daughter, 85, passed away July 1, 2015.  She was born in Boston, MA and spent her childhood in Chicago, IL. As a teenager she moved to Miami Beach, where her parents built the Tropicaire Hotel, which she later operated for many years. She was a dedicated teacher and scientist, earning PhDs in Physical Chemistry and Physical Science.  She was a chemistry professor at MDCC for over 50 years. She was a student of Dr. Albert Einstein at Princeton. Shirley taught at the University of Miami and Barry College and was also an instructor at JMH School of Nursing and Hialeah High School. She was the first female president of the MDCC Faculty Senate. She was a member of the Dominican Sisters Third Order.  For over 50 years, Shirley donated scholarships to students for excellence in the sciences.  A generous person, she supported many charities and helped friends in need. Mass of Christian Burial will be held at 1pm on Friday, July 10 at St. Martha Catholic Church, 9221 Biscayne Blvd., Miami Shores, FL 33138. Interment will follow at Flagler Memorial Park. In lieu of flowers, the family asks that contributions be made to St. Jude Children's Hospital in Shirley's memory."<br>
"SERVICE - Friday - July 10, 2015 - 1:00 PM to TBD - St. Martha Catholic Church - 9221 Biscayne Boulevard - Miami Shores, FL 31338"

- July 5, 2015: [Obituary from the Miami Herald](https://www.legacy.com/us/obituaries/herald/name/shirley-wright-obituary?id=12737429):<br>
"WRIGHT, SHIRLEY, Shirley, devoted daughter, 85, passed away July 1, 2015. She was born in Boston, MA and spent her childhood in Chicago, IL. As a teenager she moved to Miami Beach, where her parents built the Tropicaire Hotel, which she later operated for many years. She was a dedicated teacher and scientist, earning PhDs in Physical Chemistry and Physical Science. She was a chemistry professor at MDCC for over 50 years. She was a student of Dr. Albert Einstein at Princeton. Shirley taught at the University of Miami and Barry College and was also an instructor at JMH School of Nursing and Hialeah High School. She was the first female president of the MDCC Faculty Senate. She was a member of the Dominican Sisters Third Order. For over 50 years, Shirley donated scholarships to students for excellence in the sciences. A generous person, she supported many charities and helped friends in need. Mass of Christian Burial will be held at 1pm on Friday, July 10 at St. Martha Catholic Church, 9221 Biscayne Blvd., Miami Shores, FL 33138. Interment will follow at Flagler Memorial Park. In lieu of flowers, the family asks that contributions be made to St. Jude Children's Hospital in Shirley's memory."

- August 26, 2016: Video of the demolition of the Tropicair Hotel Miami Beach, by [Miami Herald Journalist Joey Flechas](https://www.facebook.com/joeyflechas):<br>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZurCREHyZU

